- [Kevin] Have you ever wondered
how your biweekly paycheck is deposited?
Or why you receive that email at the same time every week?
It may seem like magic,
however it is likely one of technology's unsung heroes,
the batch job.
Batch jobs play a critical role in our lives
that is not widely recognized.
Everyday batch processing executes billions of transactions
that power important business operations
across many industries.
If you are a developer,
you are no stranger to building batch jobs.
Decade ago, when these jobs were written in COBOL,
many best practices, patterns, and architectures emerged.
Today, Spring Batch packages these concepts
into a modern framework for Java developers.
So you can benefit from strategies engineered
in the COBOL days while building jobs
on top of Spring's powerful framework.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox
and I can teach you how to quickly build high quality
batch jobs with Spring Batch that run anywhere on Java.
This course explains how Spring Batch
is used to simplify the development of batch jobs
with complex logic and challenging data integrations.
We'll go in depth into framework components
that allow for granular control over batch execution
and make processing more resilient
to avoid those dreaded late night phone calls
received when a job fails.
So join me on my LinkedIn Learning course to build
complex, yet fault tolerant batch jobs with Spring Batch.